Remove trailing slashes from internal links (#1456)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/data-flow/taint-mode.md

You can find more examples of taint rules in the [Semgrep Registry](https://semgrep.dev/r?owasp=injection%2Cxss), for instance: [express-sandbox-code-injection](https://semgrep.dev/editor?registry=javascript.express.security.express-sandbox-injection.express-sandbox-code-injection).

:::info

> [Metavariables](/docs/pattern-syntax#metavariables) used in `pattern-sources` are considered _different_ from those used in `pattern-sinks`, even if they have the same name! See [Metavariables, rule message, and unification](#metavariables-rule-message-and-unification) for further details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Metavariables](/writing-rules/pattern-syntax#metavariables) used in `pattern-sources` are considered _different_ from those used in `pattern-sinks`, even if they have the same name! See [Metavariables, rule message, and unification](#metavariables-rule-message-and-unification) for further details.
```
Corrected link.
